[dbt State] data freshness SLA (#9661)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/lag-tolerance.md

Source systems may update more frequently than downstream models need to rebuild. For example, a model used for daily reporting doesn't need to refresh more than once per day, even if new upstream data is available hourly.

> `lag_tolerance` lets you define how fresh upstream data must be before dbt triggers a rebuild. This acts as a compute-saving buffer that helps you meet data freshness Service Level Agreements (SLAs) without unnecessary rebuilds. It supports two key scenarios:

Author: ```suggestion
`lag_tolerance` lets you define how fresh upstream data must be before dbt triggers a rebuild. This acts as a compute-saving buffer that helps you meet data freshness [Service Level Agreements (SLAs)](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/data-slas-best-practices) without unnecessary rebuilds. It supports two key scenarios:
```

> `lag_tolerance` lets you define how fresh upstream data must be before dbt triggers a rebuild. This acts as a compute-saving buffer that helps you meet data freshness [Service Level Agreements (SLAs)](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/data-slas-best-practices) without unnecessary rebuilds. It supports two key scenarios:

Reviewer: Same as [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/9661#discussion_r3638838886)

Author: ```suggestion
`lag_tolerance` lets you define how much time must pass since the last upstream data change before dbt triggers a rebuild. This acts as a compute-saving buffer that helps you meet data freshness [Service Level Agreements (SLAs)](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/data-slas-best-practices) without unnecessary rebuilds. It supports two key scenarios:
```
